OSDOCS#11097: [OLM v1] Supported extensions (#81832)
openshift/openshift-docs: snippets/olmv1-tp-extension-support.adoc

// Text snippet included in the following modules:
//
// * modules/olmv1-supported-extensions.adoc
// * release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc (enteprise-4.16 branch only)
// * release_notes/ocp-4-15-release-notes.adoc (enteprise-4.15 branch only)

:_mod-docs-content-type: SNIPPET

Currently, {olmv1-first} supports installing cluster extensions that meet all of the following criteria:

* The extension must use the `registry+v1` bundle format introduced in {olmv0}.
* The extension must support installation via the `AllNamespaces` install mode.
* The extension must not use webhooks.

> * The extension must not declare dependencies using any of the  following file-based catalog properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The extension must not declare dependencies that use any of the  following file-based catalog properties:
```

Reviewer: From the IBM Style Guide: To avoid ambiguity, replace this gerund with either by using or that uses.
